Hey there and welcome to Soul Church.
Our prayer is that this message encourages you wherever you may be in life.
We've been hearing so many stories about what God is doing in people's lives and we'd love to hear yours.
So take a second and send your story to stories at soulchurch.com.
Thanks again for joining us today and we hope that you enjoy the message.
God bless.
Are you ready for the Word of God?
Today.
On mission, Matthew 2819, go and make disciples of all nations, baptize Him in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit.
Last week, I just want to commend Waiisha.
Don't shrink back.
Well done, amazing word.
Where's Waiisha?
Is she somewhere?
Well done, Waiisha.
I like when she said, obedience before understanding.
What a challenging thought.
So thank you.
Father, we just come around your word today with great expectation.
Speak to us, Holy Spirit.
Amen.
We all have desires.
We might not even realize it, but we all have a longing to feel a sense of worth, a sense of purpose, and a sense of belonging.
But one of the greatest human desires, especially as you get older, is legacy, leading a legacy for when we're gone.
We do this through accomplishments.
We do it for achievements, a name on a wall somewhere, a bench in the park, writing a book, inheritance, all those things.
None of those things are bad things.
They're all positive things, but they're all temporary and they will eventually fade away.
The bench will break, the stone will perish, the inheritance will be spent, and the legacy will disappear.
Our only legacy
which will last forever is God's family.
If we really want to leave a legacy and make an eternal impact on the earth, there's only one way to do it.
To take your notes, we'd write this down, to invite someone to be part of God's family.
To invite someone into God's family.
There's no greater legacy or mission in this life
than bringing somebody into the family of God because that is true legacy.
In the book of Philemon, a tiny little book in the New Testament, Paul writes this letter in prison.
This epistle is written to a wealthy business leader.
He's a Christian and he writes to him about this whole thought about legacy and sharing his faith.
And it says, I thank my God, making mention of you always in my prayers.
Verse five, hearing of your love and faith which you have towards the Lord Jesus and all the saints.
That the sharing of your faith may become effective by the acknowledgement of every good thing which is in you in Christ Jesus.
Now we can read that verse and I've read that verse many times as I've read through the Bible each year, but there is a shift in that verse which we can easily miss.
Because the first part of it, it says this, it says, hearing of your love and faith towards the Lord, hearing.
And then it says in verse thing, that the sharing of your faith.
It talks about hearing and it talks about sharing.
God doesn't just want you and I to have faith, he wants us to share faith.
We come to church on a Sunday, we attend our group, we do discipleship classes and all those things,
We hear good news.
We hear the word of God.
The Bible says, faith comes by hearing and hearing from the word of God.
And Paul, as he writes to Phileme, says, it's good to hear faith.
But a lot of those, it stops there at the hearing phase.
Paul goes on to Phileme and he says, to share faith.
We talked week one about gathering and going, gathering, which is hearing, going, which is sharing.
Having faith, you've never heard me say this before, having faith is not enough as a follower of Christ.
It's not enough.
Paul says the mandate is we have to share it.
Now statistics, if they're right, and even if they're wrong by 10%, this is still a staggering stat.
It says that 95% of Christians have never shared their faith.
Now today you are fueling your faith.
You are in church and who fills up lifted already?
I'm like, I'm like, oh my goodness me.
After spending a long time in the air this week, my faith is filled, I feel fueled.
Paul says it's not enough just to fuel your faith to hear you've actually got to step out and share your faith with others.
You know, we share our sweets, we share our time.
Some of us share our money, but Paul is encouraging Philemon to share his faith.
A lady walked out of church after first service, she said, oh my word, that was a really heavy session, John, so I'm just warning you.
Okay, we're warming up, but this is gonna be a challenging 30 minutes together.
This is gonna be a challenging on mission message.
When was the last time that we shared our faith?
Not fueled our faith, but we shared our faith?
What if someone asked you and I
to share our faith or lead them to Jesus, what would you say?
Someone came up to you at work or at university, at college, and said, I hear you're a Christian, I hear you attend that church, and I would like to know Jesus, and I would like to find Jesus, and I would like to you to share your faith.
What would we do, chat GBT, quickly help?
Call Matt, bring them to church, that's a good option.
But what about if we all felt confident on mission in 2026 to share our faith, not just to fuel our faith, but to share our faith and lead someone personally to Jesus Christ?
Now that's legacy.
Jesus doesn't just save us from something, he sends us to someone.
Jesus saves you so you can introduce someone to the Savior.
Now this is a shift for a lot of us because it's uncomfortable because we've just about come to terms with my word.
I come to church on a Sunday and now you're asking me to share what I'm learning in church with others.
That's right.
I want to talk till around three or four o'clock this afternoon on the title from hearing to sharing, from hearing to sharing.
Last time I spoke, we talked about the why, what God saved us from,
But that's not enough.
He saves us to send us.
The person on the Mission Mandate card, which we filled out two weeks ago, they are waiting for an introduction to Jesus.
The person with the blank space that you pray for every day, it's not just enough to have faith for them.
God wants you to share your faith with them.
Faith comes by hearing, but the gospel is spread by sharing.
Do you know we are one generation from the gospel being extinct in this country?
One generation.
The only thing that will keep it going is sharing, sharing our faith.
Now I know that, I know what Billy Graham taught and I'm a big fan of this, this 10 steps.
Every time you're kind, every time you bless someone, every time you show integrity, you're leading people a little closer to Jesus.
And I love that.
But who would love the opportunity this year?
Who would love it if the Holy Spirit gave you confidence that you didn't just bring someone to church, that you led someone personally to Jesus?
I prayed this crazy prayer at the start of the first, at the end of the last service.
This is my prayer.
Father God, would more people find you outside of the walls of this church this year than inside?
Wow.
Can you imagine if we were in Starbucks or Costa or your coffee house of your choice?
Blue bear?
Greggs?
Nothing wrong with Greg's, best nuggets in the town.
Can you imagine if we just had pockets of salvation breaking out as people were leading others to Christ?
So we talked about the who and the why.
Now this week I want to talk about the how and I want to share really quickly seven steps to help us from moving from hearing to sharing.
Because every week we hear the word of God, but I believe that God is calling us to share the good news.
So these are seven steps.
They're really simple, and I want you to follow them, write them down, and then tomorrow we get to put them into action.
Number one, the first step is to listen to them share their story.
You know our world is desperate for listeners.
Everybody on planet Earth has a deep, deep desire to be listened to.
Have their feelings validated.
Very few people in the world are good listeners.
That's why people pay big money to counselors.
They say 90% of a counselor's job is just to keep eye contact and listen and listen, absorb what they're hearing, to be heard.
Listening builds credibility.
This is mission critical.
When we listen, we become their friend.
You cannot win your enemy to Christ.
They have to become our friends so we can introduce them to a friend of Christ.
People want to be heard.
Before people ask this, is Jesus real?
They ask, are you real?
Before people ask, is soul church real?
They want to know that Chantal and I, we're real.
People want to be heard.
Listening builds trust.
Before people can even think about trusting a book
which is 6,000 years old or more, they want to ask, can you be trusted?
Can I be trusted?
Maybe you say, I don't really have a role at Soul Church.
I never held a microphone.
I've never been asked to lead a service, never been asked to lead a ministry.
I'm asking you to listen, to find someone in your workplace at university who needs Jesus,
And the first step is simply to be a listener.
Buy someone a coffee and listen.
What listening does is listening builds a bridge of love from your heart to their heart.
And then Jesus walks across the bridge.
So when you listen, it connects heart to heart.
And Jesus, the Holy Spirit walks into that conversation.
Romans 12, 13, it says, practice.
Chantel spoke on this two years ago.
Practice hospitality.
Invite people into your life and listen.
You know, we always, we always lead more people to Christ by listening to them and talking to them.
Listening is the key to a person's heart.
So we got to, we got to compiler airport at 2.30 AM on Friday morning.
to catch our flight home, and we went through security, and then it flashed up on the screen.
Flight canceled, no reason.
200 people on a flight, and the one thing I love about you getting there is their customer service.
There wasn't any.
There was no one to talk to.
Everyone's like, well, why didn't you talk?
There's no one to talk to.
So we re-booked our flights home, and flew through Istanbul,
It was amazing because all four of us who were sitting together in Uganda now were now just sitting as individuals across the flight.
And I love the middle aisle.
Anyone loves the middle seat?
It's brilliant.
Six foot two.
And I love being in the middle aisle.
And it's just a pleasure.
It was just an honor to be there.
And justice was down there.
Miracles down there.
And Chantel was
towards the front.
So we were spread out nicely.
And I thought, as a good father, every hour or so, I'll get up and just check on my family, making sure that they're eating the chicken or beef, or whatever meal was on offer.
And Miracle's good, justice was good, they're fast asleep.
And then I went walking to Chantel, and this lady is just gushing her heart.
She's just pouring her heart, and Chantel's like totally engaged.
But you are the Christian of this family.
You are totally saved.
I'm getting back to my movie.
Anyway, I'm like, wow, this lady's hit jackpot sitting next to Chantal for seven hours.
I'll come back to that.
If I want to ask you this, do you know your Amazon driver's name?
Do you know your postman's name?
Do you know your children's name?
Do we stop and listen?
I was challenged over Christmas to make sure I'm listening
Postman had been coming around for a few months, and he docked on the door of the box at Christmas and said, come in, let's have a drink in a mince pie.
He said, are you sure?
I'm really sure.
So I bring him in on a Saturday morning, we're sitting there having some food together, and Chantal comes down and they're dressing down.
I forgot to tell her the Postman was in the kitchen.
She's like, morning, morning.
Anyway, we talked, and he would tell me a little bit about his journey to becoming Postman.
and he left and she was like, what was that all about?
I said, I'm trying to be a good pastor.
I'm trying to be... Do you remember the old days we just invite everyone in?
It's just like, come on, open home.
You know, the challenge in all this is the busyness of life we can forget that everyone has a story.
Everyone is on a journey.
When you listen to the long enough, here's what happens naturally next.
Number two is, number one, you listen to them share their story.
Number two,
You share with them your story, your story.
As we start with listening, share your story.
By the way, you don't have to get the Bible out yet.
Some of you are like, when does the Bible come into it?
Not yet.
Take them to your story.
Not just your story about how you graduated from university.
Talk to them about your story, about how God redeemed your life.
Talk about the goodness of the Lord.
So on my second trip around,
TK132 in the middle of the night.
I checked on the kids all good and then I go back and do you know what's happening?
Chantel is telling this lady her story.
Now she's fallen even more.
She entails tearing up, I'm like, oh my word, she's telling her about the challenges, the abuse, the emotion that she'd been for as a little girl, but she was telling about how God redeemed her, God has saved her, and that light is stronger than darkness, how she'd been through so many things.
She told this lady her story.
Tell people what your life was like before you encountered Jesus.
Who would say that your BC life is worth telling people?
Who's got a BC before Christ's life?
Come on, you all have.
Whose life was a little bit of a, what should we say?
Rocky, good word.
Who had a rocky BC?
John's gospel tells how Jesus healed a blind man.
The hostile leaders keep questioning about questioning Jesus about this man who's regained his sight, and this is what
This is what the man said.
He said, one thing I do know.
I don't know everything, but I do know this.
I was blind, but now I see.
I don't know your story.
I don't know what's happened to you, but one thing I do know and one thing I know about my own life is I was blind, but now I see.
People will argue theology.
People are gonna ask you why bad things happen to good people.
People are gonna throw every question in the book at you, but there's one thing that they cannot argue with.
It is I was blind.
But now I see.
You're looking at a kid from Ty even with four GCSEs, one and a bit A levels.
I was blind, but now I see.
Everyone in this room, you have a story of God's redemption power.
Listen to their story and share your story.
If God helped you through loss and grief, that's your story.
Listen to them share their story, share with them your story.
Number three, tell them Jesus' story.
Matthew, Mark 16, 15, wherever you go in the world, tell everyone the good news.
I love that word wherever.
God's not asking us to make a special trip to tell people about Jesus.
He just says, wherever you are, whether you're an asdah rolling back the prizes, Tesco's where every little helps, wherever you go, tell people about God's story.
We have a duty as a believer in Christ, not just to hear,
but to share.
Some of you are really good at hearing and you are, you're a good student.
You come every week and you take notes and you listen to the pastor and you listen to the teachers every week, but the challenges as Paul said to Philemon, do you share or do you just hear?
The gospel needs to be shared.
What do we tell people?
We tell people to Corinthians 5, 17, if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation.
The old has passed away, behold all things.
have become new.
I don't know your story.
I don't know what you've been through.
I don't know your addiction.
I don't know the crime that you've been involved in.
I don't know the things that have been said over you.
But I do know that when you come into Christ, you are a new creation.
He wipes the slate clean and he gives you a brand new stuff.
When you're talking to people, you share God's story.
And a new creation, that's not self-help.
That's resurrection power.
A lot of people have
Talk to me recently about the power of the universe and the positive energy and the positive vibes that they feel when they come in to Soul Church.
It is not positive energy which is in this room.
It is the power and the redemptive power of the Holy Spirit that is at work in your life.
The universe is a creation.
Not a Savior.
The earth cannot save you and the earth cannot heal you.
God is the healer.
God is the Creator.
Stop worshipping creation and start worshipping the Creator.
People are obsessed and have got it the wrong way around.
We need to be good stewards of God's planet.
We need to love God's planet.
We need to do all the things.
But don't become so in love with creation that you forget about the Creator.
The Bible says in Genesis 1, in the beginning, God created.
God created.
Creation cannot replace the Creator.
Often we can freak out in this moment because we think what will we say?
And we tell Jesus' story, what are we going to say?
But the Holy Spirit in Luke 12 says that He will teach you in that very hour what we should say.
We don't have to rely on our own strength.
Remember that you are one sinner sharing your Savior with another sinner for all of sinned.
We get to share the Savior with others.
Listen to them, share their stories, share with them your story, tell them Jesus story.
Number four, this is where the rubber hits the road.
Invite them to rewrite their story.
Often times we can get nervous about this part because we assume that this prayer or this moment has to be done in a church or has to be conducted by a pastor.
If you are a follower of Jesus, anybody can lead someone to Christ.
Anyone can ask them the most important question that they've ever been asked.
This is the most important question.
It's even more important than when someone said to you, if it's happened yet, will you marry me?
This question is the most important question that you'll ever get asked.
Some of you have answered this question already.
Would you like to accept Jesus Christ as your personal savior?
That's the most important question you'll ever be asked.
And here's a few tips before you ask the question.
Number one is this, never take the response personally.
You're the messenger and the Holy Spirit will take the message and bring understanding.
I know this is challenging today, but God wants to give you the courage at university students to ask your fellow colleagues on the building site in the car yard.
Do you want to accept Jesus Christ as your personal savior?
Now, let me just clarify this.
These seven steps I'm giving you, this isn't go to Starbucks, have a coffee and in one hour work through the process.
Think good, we're now on step four.
This process can happen over a period of 10 years.
So this isn't something you do over an hour.
Sometimes it is an hour.
Chantel had one hour with this lady.
I came back for my third family visit.
As I came back, I hear Chantel telling this lady about the redemptive power of Jesus.
She listened.
She shared.
She gave.
It's that simple.
I felt pretty guilty actually on that flight.
I was like, wow.
I don't know, but could it be, and this is painful to say it, could it be that God had to shuffle a whole load of things around to get Chantelle to the brokenness of a lady, hang on, whose husband was in prison who had no hope
So God said, hey, would you prepare to sacrifice a few things so I can get Chantel right here?
Because if the 200 seats on that flight, there was one person who needed to hear Chantel's story.
So we have to ask in that moment that the Holy Spirit comes upon us.
Acts 1 8 says, but you will receive power when the Holy Spirit, look at this, when the power comes before the witness.
He says, hey, I'm not going to send you to lead someone to Christ without my power or my strength, but you will receive the power.
Chantel was operating.
She was tired.
Let me tell you, take two kids on a 36 hour delayed flight.
You're tired, but the Holy Spirit came upon her and then she became God's witness.
God's not expecting you to do this in your own strength.
Some of you are like, I don't feel like I'm a Chantal.
I don't feel like I'm an extrovert.
I don't feel like I have the confidence.
And God's saying, you're not, you're not that person, but when my spirit comes upon you, you can be in the canteen at work and suddenly, whoa, where did that answer come from?
Where did that compensate?
It's because when his spirit comes upon you, that's why we never go to work without saying, holy spirit come.
Because we never know the questions and the opportunities in front of us.
You've got to read the moment.
You'll know when it's time to ask the question because the Holy Spirit is the prompter.
Leading someone to Jesus is not robotic.
It comes out of a relationship.
You know, if you think about your relationship with your wife or your husband, it's not like, should we kiss now?
Should we hold hands?
No, it comes naturally out of a relationship.
It's the same thing when it comes to leading someone.
It's not you think now is the time.
And by the way, there are times where you're going to have to skip steps one, two, and three and get straight to four.
This year I've been at the bedside of people who are slipping into eternity.
I don't have a chance to share my story.
Listen to their story.
I've asked that question, do you know Jesus as your personal Savior?
I want everybody just to listen for these next 30 seconds.
If you ever have the opportunity to be at the bedside or at the scene of someone who is dying and slipping into eternity,
You ask them that question, do you know Jesus as your personal savior?
And you grab their hands and you invite Jesus to come into their hearts.
And if they've lost consciousness, take their hand anyway.
And say, squeeze my hand, squeeze my hand if you wanna know Jesus.
I've been there in so many situations where people right at the end said yes to Jesus.
The thief on the cross, he never went to church, never went to group, never paid his tithes.
He never did anything.
Jesus said, today you will be with me.
in paradise.
Listen to them share their stories, share with them your story, tell them Jesus story, invite them to write their story.
Number five, celebrate with them as they join God's story.
Celebrate Luke 15, 10 says, I tell you there is rejoicing in the presence of angels over one sinner that repents.
Let's never lose sight of the moment where people find Jesus.
the Jill Wall, the Jesus' life wall out on the street in the foyer there.
I've noticed over the last few weeks it's just been like, we ring the bell.
We're not ringing the bell because it's coffee time or break time.
We're ringing the bell because somebody
has left darkness and entered light.
We're ringing the bell because someone has crossed over from darkness into this glorious new life.
And when that bell goes, I want everybody just to say, excuse me, one second, we're gonna cheer.
We're gonna cheer louder than a goal that goes in at Cairo because somebody's mom, somebody's son has just entered into the kingdom of God.
Let's never, ever lose that moment.
Celebrate, you know,
One of the most precious things happened at the end of the last service.
I'm at the door and this gentleman comes up to me, he goes, you don't remember me, do you?
I think we've got the picture, I think it's a picture.
His name is Gideon.
We've got Gideon's picture.
This is today, at the end of the first service.
He goes, you don't remember me, do you?
I was like, I always tried to pretend as a pastor, I do, but I couldn't.
I was like, I really don't.
He goes, you remember two years ago, Pete Reeve, do you remember this?
Pete and Vicki had us around for
for Sunday or Saturday afternoon supper or afternoon tea.
The Amazon man knocks on the door.
That was really cheeky.
You don't know me yet, I'm a little cheeky.
I said, leave this guy to me.
I said, come on.
I said, do you want to come in and have tea with us?
He's like, yes.
It's not even my house.
And I've just invited this Amazon drive around.
So he comes around and
We're all just loving on him.
And he's telling us his story how he's desperately trying to get a new job.
And anyway, long story short, someone's there like, let me connect you and piece the best connector in the church.
He was connecting to people we connect.
Anyway, he comes up to me at the end of the service with his Bible.
He says, he's taken me two years, but I'm here and I'm a Christian.
I'm like, wow.
I'm like, come on, let's celebrate, have God.
Guys, how amazing is that?
Can you imagine if we all did some for Amazon drive this week instead of why you late?
I'm a prime member.
Come on, there's so many Gideon's in your world.
It's not enough just to hear, guys, we've got to share.
It will inconvenience you, and it will spoil the party.
Sorry, Pete.
But you know what?
It's good, because Gideon's in the family.
He's part of the family of God.
I'm going to finish.
I've got to get off this stage.
Number six, walk with them into their new story.
Two Timothy two, two, says, what you've heard from me in the Prince of many women in trust of faithful men.
He'll be able to teach others also.
People are saying to Tim, if we have to stay faithful.
We've got to stay faithful.
We've got to walk them.
I'm going to say something outrageous in church.
I always do.
I want you to note this.
Don't lead anyone to Christ who you're not prepared to journey with.
It's not enough just to drop and run.
It's not an Amazon parcel.
You've got to actually walk with people.
You've got to walk with people.
I led my friend Spencer to the Lord 20 years ago in a sauna.
in a local gym here in Norwich.
I led him to Christ.
He told me his story.
I shared my story.
I shared Jesus' story.
I celebrated the day.
We came into this church maybe 15 years ago, gave his life to Christ.
He's now in this church.
He brings his family, his kids, his friends.
Why am I saying that?
It's because I have to walk that journey with him.
I'm gonna give you some homework.
I want you to contact someone this week who you led to Christ.
and make sure you're still in their journey.
You don't need to do much, but a text of call, just say, hey, I'm still with you on this journey.
Number seven, we're gonna finish one minute, is encourage them to introduce others to God's story.
Matthew 4.19, follow me and I'll make you vicious of people.
Jesus isn't saving us from something.
He sends us to someone.
One of the most rewarding parts of leading someone to Christ is watching other people share their story.
Our greatest legacy on this earth is leading someone to Jesus.
If you say today, Pastor John, I want to shift from just hearing to sharing and we just stand to your feet all over this room.
So I've taken this message to heart today.
I don't just want to be a hero.
I want to be a sharer.
You're saying today, I want to share the glorious, good news.
My story needs to be heard.
Jesus' story needs to be shared.
If that's your only just stand to your feet, although this room, I want to pray for courage.
You don't have to stand because everyone's standing.
You stand.
If you're saying today, students, I don't just want to hear it.
I want to share it.
I don't just want to gather.
I want to go.
Faith comes by hearing, but the gospel
is spread through sharing.
If you want to lift your hand right now, say, God, use me.
God, use me this week in my classroom.
Use me this week in my workplace.
Use me this week, Father God.
I don't just want to come to church every week and hear.
I don't just want my faith to be built up.
I want to share my faith.
I might not be the most outgoing.
to struggle sometimes and people don't understand me, but God, I know that your Holy Spirit will give me the words in that hour, in that moment, to share my faith.
I pray that I will be able to move people closer to Jesus this week through my integrity, through my kindness, my generosity.
I pray that people would see Jesus in me.
Give me opportunities like Chantel on that plane.
When it's so easy just to slip into a comfort, slip into
It's all about me, all about my problems, but actually every crisis, every battle can be used as a blessing for others.
So God will pray right now that you would use us.
Holy Spirit, here I am, send me.
We're on mission this week, church.
We're on mission every day, every moment, every meeting, we're on mission.
We're on mission.
Come, Holy Spirit.
Lord, would you raise up evangelists in this house?
Would you raise up those with a gifting in this area, Father?
Would you use them, Father God?
Would you help the good news, the glorious good news with this revival sweep through the city, through the University of East Anglia, through the art college, into chroma, sharing them the surrounding regions, Father God?
I pray that the gospel would go out from this place.
Soul Church wouldn't be just known as a church, that hears the word, but spreads the good news.
spreads the good news in Jesus name.
Amen.
I want to pray right now.
I want to invite you to rewrite your story.
Step number four.
And I want to ask you that question.
The question that I've encouraged you to ask others, do you know Jesus as your personal savior?
Not do you attend church, not are you a good person, not do you pay your bills on time, but do you know Jesus as your personal savior?
And ask that no one moves around, just a moment of privacy.
If you do not know in your heart today that Jesus Christ is your Lord and savior, this is your opportunity to receive his forgiveness, receive his love.
He died for you, he loves you, he has a plan for you, but you have to receive.
this gift of salvation.
So from the front of the back, the left of the right on the floor on the tear seats, do you know Jesus as your personal Savior?
Maybe you once walked of God, but you've drifted away today.
You can receive His love afresh in your heart.
Those watching online, this moment is for you.
I'm going to count to three.
And if you kind of answer that question with a yes, I want you to just slip up your hand.
Just keep it up.
Signal to me.
Say, John, I need Jesus.
to rewrite my story.
One, two, three.
Just lift it up so I need Jesus to rewrite my story.
God bless you.
Lift it up nice and high.
Rewrite my story.
God bless you right at the back there.
I need Jesus to rewrite my story.
God bless you.
Lift it up nice and high.
I want to see your hands.
God bless you.
I want us to do one more thing.
If you lifted up your hand, this is gonna take a lot of courage, but I wanna pray for you down here at the front.
And I wanna shake your hand and congratulate you.
Would you come right now?
If you lifted up your hand, would you step out of your seat?
You can bring a friend, you come, you come.
We're gonna rewrite your story through Jesus.
That's it.
Even if you didn't lift up your hand, you say today, I'm coming to Jesus.
That's it, you come.
Come on, we're gonna cheer.
We're gonna celebrate.
You come, that's it.
Come to Jesus.
He's rewriting your story this morning.
You come right now.
We'll wait for you.
You come.
You come to Jesus.
That's it.
Come on, keep coming.
Keep coming.
We'll wait.
This is what Jesus does.
you come come to Jesus.
Come as you are.
Amazing.
People are still coming.
All you know, that took a lot of courage and we're so proud of you.
You know, it's not easy stepping out in a public space like this.
God sees that.
And we're going to say this prayer out loud.
We need to repeat it after me.
Dear Lord Jesus, thank you for dying for me to forgive all my sins and failures.
I believe that you rose from the dead so that I can have a brand new life.
Please come into my heart and help me.
by the power of the Holy Spirit to trust and to live for you.
Amen.
Let's congratulate.
Amazing.
Now we've got a gift for you.
It's actually a new version of the Gospel of John, which we're introducing to the church today.
And this is Ben and Patricia over here.
It just gives away.
There are service leaders for this service.
And they're going to be in the chapel.
We've got a little chapel there.
I'm going to give you a gift and help you.
I'm going to jump off the stage and shake every single one of your hands because this is such a special moment.
So I want to give you two.
I want to give you two little pieces of advice.
Number one, keep coming back to church.
Keep coming back to church.
Number two, every day, just read a few verses from this Bible.
It will help you fuel your faith for the coming days.
We're going to sing that song, the greatness of the Lord.
As we do, I'm going to jump down and shake all of your hands.
Why don't you come this way?
Come on.
Let's stretch our hands towards every person who's made that decision today.
Father God, you see every hand.
You see every heart.
We pray right now for every person who's making a decision to become a follower of Jesus.
that they would walk with you.
They would talk with you.
They would be close to you Father God every step of the way.
We thank you Lord.
Today they rewrite their story.
Today their story has got a new chapter and a brighter future in Jesus name.
Now celebrate church.
Come on let's celebrate.
Thank you Lord.
The service just said yes to Jesus.
The greatness of the Lord is beyond compare.
Amen.
Well, we've heard how we get to share it now.
It's on us now for his spirit to step out and have a flood of Amazon delivery drivers.
The front here next Sunday.
Fantastic.
at prime for it.
Thanks again for tuning in.
If you said yes to Jesus today by saying the salvation prayer, we'd love for you to email connections at soulchurch.com so we can talk to you a little bit more about this incredible decision you've just made.
And if at any point in the service you felt moved to give towards any of our local or global initiatives, head to soulchurch.com.
And don't forget to stay connected with us on Facebook, Instagram and YouTube by searching at Soul Church UK.
Take care and God bless.